there was a relative of Naomi's husband
a man of great wealth of the family of
Elimelech
his name was Boris so ruth the moabite
Isetta Naomi
please let me go to the field and glean
heads of grain after him in whose sight
I may find favor go my daughter then she
left and went and gleaned in the field
after the Reapers and she happened to
come to the part of the field belonging
to Boers who was of the family of
Elimelech Marr behold
Boas came from Bethlehem and said to the
Reapers the Lord be with you
the Lord bless you when Boris said to
his servant who was in charge of the
Reapers whose young woman is this it is
the young Moabite woman who came back
with Naomi from the country of Moab and
she said please let me glean and gather
after the Reapers among sheaves so she
came and has continued from morning
until now though she rested a little in
the house
[Music]
you will listen my daughter will you not
do not go to glean in another field nor
go from here but stay close by my young
women let your eyes be on the field
which they reap and go after them have I
not commanded the young men not to touch
you and when you are thirsty go to the
vessels and drink from what the young
men have drawn so she fell on her face
bowed down to the ground
why have I found favor in your eyes that
you should take notice of me since I am
a foreigner it has been fully reported
to me all that you have done for your
mother-in-law since the death of your
husband and how you have left your
father and your mother and the land of
your birth and have come to a people
whom you did not know before the Lord
repay your work and a full reward be
given you by the Lord God of Israel
under whose wings you have come for
refuge
let me find favor in your sight my lord
for you have comforted me and have
spoken kindly to your maidservant though
I am NOT like one of your maid servants
now boa is said to her if mealtime come
here and eat of the bread and dip your
piece of bread in the vinegar so she sat
beside the Reapers and he passed parched
grain to her and she ate and was
satisfied and kept some back and when
she rose up to glean Boaz commanded his
young men let her glean even among the
sheaves and do not reproach her also let
grain from the bundles fall purposely
for her leave it that she may glean and
do not rebuke her so she gleaned in the
field until evening and beat out what
she had gleaned and it was about an
ephah of barley
then she took it up and went into the
city and her mother-in-law saw what she
had gleaned so she brought out and gave
to her what she had kept back after she
had been satisfied and her mother-in-law
said to her where have you gleaned today
and where did you work
blessed be the one who took notice of
you the man's name with whom I work
today is Boas blessed be he of the Lord
who has not forsaken his kindness to the
living and the dead this man is a
relation of ours one of our close
relatives he also said to me you shall
stay close by my young men until they
have finished all my harvest it is good
my daughter that you go out with his
young women and that people do not make
you in any other field so she stayed
close by the young women of Boas to
glean until the end of barley harvest
and wheat harvest and she dwelt with her
mother-in-law
[Music]
you